                              DANIEL BLACKMAN

                              (510) 910-9047

                        EMBEDDED SYSTEMS PROGRAMMER
                     Copyright ©  1999 Daniel Blackman

Project-oriented programmer provides excellent software support and design
expertise to original small-systems projects; software development;
firmware; design, development, integration, and testing.

I want to help develop and support a product throughout its
entirelifecycle; Especially interesting: Instrument interfaces, control
systems, things that move, and scientific research tools.

I can be especially helpful if you are developing board-level electronics,
manufacturing test, instrumentation, or low-level machine control. As
always: hard-working, task-oriented, inventive & flexible.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Expert in: C, 8051 Assembly, Software Architecture,
in-circuitemulator/analyzer (ICE); VRTX-86 and other real-time,
multi-tasking operatingsystems; use of oscilloscope, logic analyzer, serial
communications, embedded design, firmware. Low level design: operating
systems and device drivers.

Familiar with: hardware design; DOS, UNIX, Windows; embedded systems,
system architechure, control systems, instrumentation; Labview, Pascal,
PL/M-86, ASM-86, ASM-51, Forth-83; Intel I2ICE, ICE-51FX/PC, MIL-STD-2167;
RS-422, RS-485, RS-232, 1553.

EXPERIENCE

*Space Sciences Laboratory, UC Berkeley, (4-96 ?)

Wrote firmware for spectrographic detector instrument for use in an
orbiting telescope. Developed support tools written in C and 8051
assembly.Created test tools and methods, and provided integration support.
Publishedcontroller interface documentation on web-page for use by team
membersdistributed nationwide. Provide on-going mission support.

*TMX (10-95 4-96)

Developed working prototype software to drive two SoundBlaster
cardssimultaneously, providing separate and continuous record/play
channels; integrated existing prototype user interface; created
satellite-controllersimulator for test/development support. Wrote interrupt
routines in C.

*Tracor Aerospace, Austin, TX (6-95 8-95)

Rewrote scenario generator in Borland C++ (instead of Forth ); Madeupdates
to analysis codes; Consulted and advised on system software upgradeproject.

*NETA (9-94 4-95)

Wrote software to provide a remote viewing capability to a
Nicolet(Viking-series) neurological test instrument, allowing a neurologist
at aremote site to view, measure, and store waveform data collected by
anoperating-room technician. Used a high-speed modem, graphical
userinterface, Turbo-C.

*Tracor Aerospace, San Ramon, CA (8-87 5-94)

Shipboard Anti-Missile Chaff Launching System: Designed, developed
andmaintained system software and tools, including: tactics algorithm,
tacticsanalysis, trajectory analysis, ship's state interface (serial,
analog, andsynchro), simulators. Written in PL/M-86, ASM-86 , using VRTX-86
(real-time,multi-tasking OS).

Solved a system network problem to meet required robust
communicationsprotocol using dual-redundant RS-422 networks. Debugged
controller firmwarewritten in ASM-51.

Developed scenario generator, data logger, and graphical scenario
displayusing data logger data stream. Written in FORTH-83 & C.

Designed and developed trajectory code used for predicting locations
ofdecoy rounds, accounting for in-flight configuration changes. Written
inTURBO-PASCAL.

Studied decoy selection tactics; developed analysis tools to
describeperformance of decoys as a function of individual variables in a
Monte-Carloscenario model.

Reduced data acquired for study of pressure sensor as part of an
altitudetrigger for use in a decoy. Assisted with decoy testing, recording
altitudeobservations, photographing flight tests, and reporting test
results. Wrotetest code in C.

Acquired and modified MISSILE DATCOM code written in FORTRAN used
forestimating aerodynamic coefficients of particular missile
designconfigurations.

Modelled physical behavior of radar reflecting chaff using MathCAD.Wrote
papers on chaff cut selection methods and decoy tactics modeling
usinglinear programming techniques.

*XMR , Santa Clara, CA (3-91 6-91)

Wrote control code in C for industrial excimer laser system.

*Mirage Systems, Sunnyvale, CA (10-89 11-90)

Wrote interface and control code in C for RF analyzer system,
integratingvia GPIB spectrum analyzer, PC, oscilloscope, time-base and GPS
receiver.

Assisted with proposal writing. Assisted with design of scaled-RFmodelling
project, including antenna tower design, site selection andpreparation, and
data acquisition instrumentation.

*Helios, Sunnyvale, CA (6-89 7-90)

Developed and maintained servowriter control software and interface to
HPlaser positioning system and various servos. Assisted customers
withidentification of and solution to servowriter problems. Wrote
demonstrationsoftware as a sales tool. Turbo Pascal.

*SAIC COMSYSTEMS , San Diego, CA (10-84 8-87)

Secure Conferencing Project: Wrote device drivers, interrupt handlers,and
other system-level software for managing secure voice communicationssystem
in a satellite network. Code written in PL/M-86 and ASM-86 on aSTD-bus
system running iRMX-86.

Shipboard antenna servo/physical system simulator: wrote software in C
tomake a PC with custom interface card emulate a satellite antenna mounted
on aship subject to various sea- state conditions; used for analyzing
antennacontroller behavior during depot-level testing.

Protocol converter black-box for Baudot-to-ASCII interface: wrotecomplete
embedded- system software in PL/M-86 and ASM-86 to provide interimbuffered
interface between old submarine terminals and new communicationshardware.

*San Diego State University Foundation (6-83 6-84)

Wrote a database program for managing DSRV (submarine) optics at
NOSCmaintenance facility. Program written in C on PDP-11 UNIX.

Installed iRMX-86 operating system on a single-board computer; wrote Cand
ASM code to demonstrate real-time multi-tasking performance.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Expert in:8051 assembly, 8086 assembly, C, PL/M-86, Turbo Pascal;software
design; project development;real-time/multi-tasking OS, such as VRTX;use of
oscilloscope, logic analyzer, serial communications.

Familiar with:Forth, ASM-86, ASM-51, FORTRAN, Basic, Pascal, Assembly,
C++;in-circuit emulators such as Intel I2ICE, ICE-51FX/PC;in-circuit
emulator/analyzer Orion 8620;MIL-STD-2167; UNIX, VRTX, pSOS;use of RS-422,
RS-485, RS-232, MIL-STD-1558,GPIB (IEEE-488) communications;LINDO/GINO,
Management planning tools.

EDUCATION

BA, Computer Science, University of California, San Diego, June 1984
MBA,(OR), California State University, Hayward, December 1996

              Top | Latest Project | HomePage | Consultantcy

                     Copyright ©  1999 Daniel Blackman
                          Last update: 15 May 1999
