                              John B. Hamilton

                             1328 Jeanette Way

                         Carrollton, TX 75006-2964

E-Mail: hamilton@flash.net,

           john.hamilton@jumpstartsoftware.com or

           johnbhamilton@hotmail.com

Personal WWW address: http://www.flash.net/~hamilton

Company WWW address: http://www.jumpstartsoftware.com

Telephone: (972) 446-8907 Home/Fax, (214) 408-7475 Pager



PERSONAL SUMMARY

Distinctions

 [Image]  Awarded Eagle Scout Rank by the Boy Scouts of America, 1976
 [Image]  Recipient of a $25,000 Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps
          Scholarship, 1980
 [Image]  Designated as an International Youth in Achievement by Cambridge
          Biographical Institute, 1980
 [Image]  Designated as a Kentucky Colonel by Kentucky Governor Martha
          Layne Collins, 1986

Collegiate Education

 [Image]  The University of Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky; B.S.
          Engineering Mathematics and Computer Science, 1979 - 1980,
          1982-1985
 [Image]  The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio; Aeronautical and
          Astronautical Engineering studies, 1980 - 1982

Interests

 [Image]  Golf, Model Railroading, U.S. and World History

Other

[mcsd.gif (3972 bytes)]

As a Microsoft Certified Solution Developer and Microsoft Certified Product
Specialist, I am qualified to design and develop custom business solutions
with Microsoft development tools, technologies and platforms, including
Microsoft® Office and Microsoft BackOffice on the Windows® 3.x, 95, 98 and
NT Operating Systems.

Microsoft certification exam transcript as of April 13, 1998:

• 070-050, Microsoft® Visual Basic® 3.0 for Windows® - Application
Development,

• 070-051, Microsoft® Access 2.0 for Windows® - Application Development,

• 070-063, Implementing and Supporting Microsoft® Windows® 95

• 070-065, Programming with Microsoft® Visual Basic® 4.0,

• 070-069, Microsoft® Access for Windows® 95 and the Microsoft Access
Developer's Toolkit,

• 070-150, Microsoft® Windows® Operating Systems and Services Architecture
I,

• 070-151, Microsoft® Windows® Operating Systems and Services Architecture
II,

• 070-165, Developing Applications with Microsoft® Visual Basic® 5.0.

MARKETABLE SKILLS

 Database             LogicWorks ERWin, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Visual
                      FoxPro, ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server, SYBASE SQL Server

 GUI                  Microsoft Visual Basic, Borland C++, Microsoft Visual
                      C++, Seagate Crystal Reports

 Hardware             ICE51FX/PC, UNISITE PROM Burner, TEKTRONIX Oscilloscope,
                      TEKTRONIX Logic Analyzer

 Internet             FrontPage, HTML, JAVA, Microsoft Internet Information
                      Server, Microsoft Visual Interdev, ASP, MAPI

 Microcode            IBM 370 Assembler, INTEL 8051, 80386, Motorola 6800,
                      68000

 Operating Systems    Microsoft DOS, UNIX, Microsoft Windows (3.x, 95, NT)

 Scientific           C, EXEC2, FORTRAN, PASCAL, PL/I, REXX

CONTINUING EDUCATION

 [Image]  Computer Security Institute Annual Convention; Atlanta, 1986
 [Image]  CICS Programming Seminar; CTG-Dallas, 1989
 [Image]  Image Presentation Seminar; CTG-Dallas, 1990
 [Image]  The C for Programmers Class; CTG-Dallas, 1990
 [Image]  SAS Introduction Class; CTG-Dallas, 1990
 [Image]  Team Interview Certification; CTG-Dallas, 1991
 [Image]  Increasing Personal Effectiveness; CTG-Dallas, 1991
 [Image]  Presentation Skills Workshop; CTG-Ft.Lauderdale, 1992
 [Image]  Consulting Skills for CTG Professionals; CTG-Ft.Lauderdale, 1992
 [Image]  Presentation Skills Workshop, CTG-Buffalo; 1992 [Certified
          Instructor]
 [Image]  Introduction to OS/2, CTG-Ft.Lauderdale; 1992
 [Image]  Introduction to ORACLE, CTG-Syracuse; 1993
 [Image]  Worldwide Live! Developing for Windows 95 Seminar;
          Microsoft-Dallas, 1995
 [Image]  Enabling the Enterprise Seminar;
          Microsoft,LBMS,SQA,Datamation-Dallas, 1995
 [Image]  Microsoft Developer Days II; Windows World-Dallas, 1995
 [Image]  VBITS (Visual Basic Insiders Technical Summit); VBPJ-Orlando,
          1995
 [Image]  Introduction to Crystal Reports; Core Software-Dallas, 1996
 [Image]  Microsoft Developer Days III; Microsoft-Dallas, 1996
 [Image]  VBITS (Visual Basic Insiders Technical Summit); VBPJ-Orlando,
          1996
 [Image]  Microsoft Developer Days IV; Microsoft-Dallas, 1997
 [Image]  Visual Studio, The Art of Visual Basic Programming;
          MicroEndeavors-Dallas, 1997
 [Image]  Microsoft Developer Days V; Microsoft-Dallas, 1998
 [Image]  Microsoft TechEd; Microsoft-Dallas, 1999

CONTINUING MICROSOFT CERTIFICATION EXAM PREPARATION

• 070-058, Networking Essentials

• 070-067, Microsoft® Windows® NT Server 4.0

• 070-068, Microsoft® Windows® NT Server 4.0 Enterprise

• 070-160, Microsoft® Windows® Architecture I

• 070-161, Microsoft® Windows® Architecture II

• 000-000, Microsoft® Office User Specialist exam in Microsoft® Access® 97

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Financial Computer Software, L.P., Dallas, Texas, (March 1999 to Present)

Developing specialized reports used in conjunction with the Wall Street
Office product. The reports are being developed using MICROSOFT Visual
Basic 5.0, Data Dynamics ActiveReports and MICROSOFT Access 97.

North Dallas Veterinary Hospital, Dallas, Texas (February 1994 to Present)

Ongoing maintainence of Microsoft Windows network and workstation
configurations.

Hilton Worldwide Reservations, Carrollton, Texas (January 1999 to April
1999)

Designed and developed an archived reservations retrieval system. The data
was purged from a UNIX mainframe, zipped in TAR format and placed on cdroms
by a vendor in Phoenix, Arizona on a weekly basis.  These cdroms were then
mailed to the Hilton office for input into the new system.  The system
consisted of the following components:  (1) A cataloger which kept track of
the contents of the data cdroms residing in a cdrom array box, (2) Active
Server Pages (ASP) in conjunction with HTML pages which provided the web
interface to support the entry and display of search queries, and (3) A
reporting service which e-mailed detailed reports of queried data to a
designated recipient.  The application was developed using MICROSOFT Visual
Basic 6.0, MAPI, MICROSOFT Access 97, MICROSOFT Internet Information Server
4.0, MICROSOFT Visual Interdev 6.0 and MICROSOFT SQL Server 6.5.

Halliburton Energy Services, Carrollton, Texas, (September 1997 to March
1999)

Completed the development of a system that loaded and retrieved data to and
from remote gas flow computer systems. The remote computers were either on
land or on ocean drilling platforms. Serial communication was accomplished
using radio and cellular technologies as well as direct connection. The
application displayed a variety of thermodynamic properties and readings
which the user could adjust, if need be. The application was developed in
MICROSOFT Visual Basic 4.0, MICROSOFT Access 2.0 and MICROSOFT Visual C++
1.5.

Intertek Testing Services Environmental Laboratories, Richardson, Texas
(July 1997 to February 1998)

Designed and developed a system that retrieved data from up to eight Zeeman
Atomic Absorption Spectrometer SpectrAA devices simulataneously using a
DigiBoard device and the MSCOMM control. The data was moved into a
MICROSOFT Access 95 database from the comm port input buffers, parsed and
displayed to the user in a tabular format. The application was developed
using MICROSOFT Visual Basic 5.0 and used the MICROSOFT Access 95
replication manager.

Financial Computer Software, L.P., Dallas, Texas (June 1997 to September
1997)

Assisted in the development of a bank loan reporting and data delivery
system based upon the MICROSOFT COM methodology using MICROSOFT Visual
Basic 5.0, ANSI SQL, RDO and ODBC. In addition, developed a financial
reporting system in MICROSOFT Access 2.0 for EatonVance a client of
Investor's Banker's Trust (IBT) as an interim solution.

CYBERTEK Corporation, Dallas, Texas (May 1996 to June 1997)

Developed a configurable workbench OLE automation server consisting of a
dynamically updatable toolbar and menu bar. The database resided on a
network server and was of one of the following types: MICROSOFT SQL Server,
GUPTA SQLBase, SYBASE SQL Server or ORACLE. The communication protocol was
the ODBC API. Developed an OLE automation server to handle database access
security. Its role was to validate user rights and workbench profiles.
Developed an OLE automation server to configure users with access to the
database regardless of which backend was being used. The user configurator
also provided reporting

capabilities via the Seagate Crystal Reports product. Following successful
security server login, information including text, numeric data and image
data, (i.e. bitmaps, icons, etc.) was extracted from the network database

and copied to a local cached copy residing in an MICROSOFT Access database.
The workbench was updated at the user's discretion by extracting the
necessary data from the local database. The workbench could launch OLE, DDE
and WinExec applications and serve as their conduit for communication with
other OLE and DDE applications. Prepared E-R diagrams using Logic Works
ERWin product, created numerous database tables and

designed stored procedures for each database. Re-wrote numerous GUPTA SQL
Windows applications from scratch as Visual Basic OLE automation servers
for use with the configurable workbench. The development platform used was
the MICROSOFT Visual Basic 4.0 Enterprise Edition.

CENTRA Benefit Services, Plano, Texas (April 1996 to July 1996)

Served as the Visual Basic mentor and lead developer of the development
team responsible for creating a customer reporting system. The 16-bit
application was developed using the MICROSOFT Visual Basic v4.0, the
Speedware OASIS communication software for the Hewlett-Packard v1.0,
MICROSOFT Access v2.0 and Crystal Reports v3.0 products. Created help files
using MICROSOFT Word v6.0 and the help compiler supplied with MICROSOFT
Visual Basic.

Citicorp North America, Westlake, Texas (October 1995 to May 1996)

Served as the GUI developer of a client server global financial reporting
system application. The development tools used were MICROSOFT Visual Basic
v4.0, MICROSOFT Access v2.0 and Seagate Crystal Reports v4.5. The data
resided in an Oracle 7 database and was retrieved via ODBC into a MICROSOFT
Access database where it was then accessed via Crystal Reports. In
addition, story boarded and built WEB pages using HTML and JAVA for the
organization MICROSOFT Internet Information Server.

Fire Lake Systems, Inc., Kansas City, Missouri (September 1995 to December
1995)

Assisted in the development of a PBX management system using MICROSOFT
Visual Basic 3.0, MICROSOFT Access 2.0, Seagate Crystal Reports v4.5 and
RoboHelp.

Frito-Lay, Inc., Plano, Texas (September 1994 to October 1995)

Served as a member of the research and development team responsible for the
creation and implementation of an automated packaging room management and
product weight correlation system for numerous manufacturing sites
throughout the U.S. The entire application was written in MICROSOFT Visual
Basic 3.0 and MICROSOFT Visual C++ with the data residing in an Oracle 7
database. The database data was retrieved and manipulated via Oracle Glue.
The TrueGrid control by Crescent Software, the Graph control by Pinnacle
Publishing and the Crystal Reports control by Crystal Services was used
extensively throughout the application. Extensive domestic travel
throughout the U.S. to perform site software and hardware installations and
support was required. Additional application support was provided through
the use of pcAnywhere for Windows.

American Heart Association, Dallas, Texas (May 1995 to June 1995)

Enhanced forms, added error handling, standarized naming conventions,
incorporated mailing label generation and reporting capabilities into an
MICROSOFT Access 2.0 application.

MCI Telecommunications Corporation, Richardson, Texas (July 1994 to
September 1994)

Developed the GUI front-end to an Oracle 7 database using MICROSOFT Visual
Basic 3.0 and Q+E MultiLink/VB as part of the Project Book to the Field
application. The application loaded and retrieved binary image files with
their associated attributes into and out of the database using a Pro*C
interface routine developed as well.

Nielsen Marketing Research, Las Colinas, Texas (May 1994 to July 1994)

Developed a MICROSOFT Visual Basic 3.0 slide show presentation display
application which emulated the features of MICROSOFT Powerpoint. The
application was designed as an enhancement to the BUSINESS REVIEW product.
It was developed using Visual Basic 3.0 and other third party controls.

First USA Merchant Services, Dallas, Texas (January 1994 to May 1994)

Developed a MICROSOFT Visual Basic application to automate the program
downloading of Verifone terminals with application data residing in an
Oracle 7 database. The following functions were incorporated into the
application: animation, sound, on-line program changes/enhancement listing,
on-line end user comments input capability, automatic updating of binary
data residing in an MICROSOFT Windows PIF created for MICROSOFT DOS
application interface, on-line realtime download log with viewing and
printing capabilities, various SQL command strings to permit the retrieval
from and updating of Oracle tables, interfacing with MICROSOFT DOS
applications handling COM port data transfer, on-line description of
program functions, password protection, and MICROSOFT Windows API calls to
optimize the system resources by locating applications that have finished
their processing and instructing them to unload from memory, to monitor DOS
SHELL processes, and to retrieve system configuration data. Various
MICROSOFT Visual Basic companion products such as Q+E MultiLink/VB,
VBAssist, Crescent Tools Quick Pak Professional, Key DataBase Plus and
Visual Help were used in the program's development and final version.

MCI Telecommunications Corporation, Richardson, Texas (October 1993 to
December 1993)

Served as the technical project leader of the programming team responsible
for the Phase I development of a project management scheduling system
monitoring an $872,000,000.00 capital construction projects budget. The
system's purpose was to automate the paper trail of project scheduling in
order to save an estimated $187,000.00 per day in company expenditures. The
initial GUI system was designed with the aid of MICROSOFT Project with a
MICROSOFT Visual Basic front end add-on. Data was accessed via a LAN from
an ORACLE Version 7 database. Duties included but were not limited to the
following: determining user requirements, incorporating user suggested
enhancements, developing application code, coordinating weekly status
meetings of key user and development team personnel, overseeing the efforts
of the programming team, giving application demonstrations to various
levels of corporate management and evaluating alternate software
applications such as Pariss Enterprise.

EnTrade (Tenneco Gas Marketing Company), Louisville, Kentucky (February
1993 to August 1993)

Served as a member of the information services department during the merger
of these two natural gas marketing companies. Performed the business
process analysis of all financial transactions necessary to track futures
trades such as Hub Swaps, Basis Swaps, NYMEX Based Options, etc. and
assisted with code development in the gas nomination management area as
well. All information was maintained within an ORACLE Version 6 relational
database management system operating in a UNIX System V multi-processing
environment on a Sequent Computer Systems S2000/250 minicomputer.
Effectively utilized various Structured Query Language (SQL) products in
the creation of triggers, forms, reports and Pro*C code. Transferred gas
nomination management data maintained in a Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet from a
Gateway 2000 PC system to the Sequent via SQL*Loader. Developed "C"
language code to convert COBOL files resident on a Honeywell Corporation
minicomputer to be read and analyzed on the Sequent.

IBM Corporation, Boca Raton, Florida (August 1991 to January 1993)

Served on the computer development team responsible for the creation of the
ROADRIDER on-board computer system. The computer was designed for J. B.
Hunt trucking company based in Lowell, Arkansas. Developed the
communications software used in two-way satellite communication. The
communications software interfaced with the QUALCOMM, Inc. OmniTRACS Mobil
Interface Protocol. This interface served as the conduit for any type of
data (text or binary) passed between the on-board computer and the
OmniTRACS modem. There it was packaged for over-the-air transmissions. It
was an RS-232 type of interface with a transmission rate of 1200 baud. All
microcode for version 1.00 was written using the INTEL 8051 instruction set
and assembled with the CYBERNETICS CYS-8051, INTEL MCS-51 Macro Assembler
and ARCHIMEDES SOFTWARE INTEL 8051 products. The Archimedes assembler was
finally settled upon to be used. The microcode was debugged using the
following equipment: ICE-51FX/PC In-Circuit Emulator, Tektronix 468 Digital
Storage Oscilloscope, Hewlett-Packard 4952A Protocol Analyzer and
Hewlett-Packard 4953A Protocol Analyzer. Prepared program flow diagrams and
test tools including text charts and developed "C" language test programs
using the Borland International C/C++ compiler. Re-wrote the microcode in
the C language using the Archimedes Software 8051 C compiler for the
version 2.00 code release. Re-wrote the microcode again using the INTEL
MCS-51 Macro Assembler. Downloaded 8051 code to eproms using the Unisite
Data I/O PROM burner. Uploaded and downloaded project code to and from the
software library storage area via the Program Version Control System
(PVCS). The PVCS was accessed through an IBM OS/2 LAN. Assembled and
modified numerous IBM PC/AT and PS/2 systems used in the development and
testing of program code. Installed IBM OS/2 versions 1.3 & 2.0 and
corrective service on department equipment for use by project personnel.

IBM Corporation, Westlake, Texas (October 1989 to July 1991)

Served as the technical advisor and alternate project leader of the system
test group involved in the development of the OFFICEVISION software package
releases 1.1 and 1.2. It operated on the IBM 3090 and 9370 series in the
VM/CMS environment. Quality assurance duties included, but were not limited
to the following: working with developers to resolve code problems using
the Integrated Development Support System (IDSS), reviewing requests for
design changes, writing new testcases to reflect unique product functions
using the BookMaster documentation product, preparing project status
reports using Problem Tracking Report (PTR) data and the Statistical
Analysis System (SAS) software package, developing REXX and EXEC2 programs
to enhance the testing of the product by project group personnel and
testing all phases of the product in 19 foreign language versions. Also,
suggested several design changes included in the product's releases.

New York Life, Commonwealth Insurance and JCPenney Insurance, Louisville,
Kentucky, (January 1988 to September 1989)

Marketed various forms of personal, property and casualty insurance.

Louisville Sigma Chi Alumni Association, Louisville, Kentucky (February
1986 to May 1989)

Served in the various capacities of database administrator, treasurer and
as a member of the board of directors.

CBM Computer Center, Louisville, Kentucky (February 1986 to May 1986)

Assisted clients with the selection of the necessary computer hardware
components and software applications to fulfill their work requirements.

University of Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky (June 1986 to January 1988)

Served as a member of a company technical support group in the computing
and telecommunications area. Participated in the planning, preparation, and
installation of multiple products, packages, and compilers on the IBM 3081
and 4341 series operating in the VM/CMS environment. Performed problem
determination on computer related problems and provided solutions for those
pertaining to system software. Gained knowledge of computer security
measures and disaster control techniques. Attended Computer Security
Institute's Annual Convention in November 1986.

IBM Corporation, Lexington, Kentucky (January 1984 to February 1986)

Served on the advanced printer product development team responsible for the
creation of the IBM QUIETWRITER II thermal ink transfer image producing
device. Developed and implemented prototype machine demonstration programs
for viewing by corporate level management. Developed and documented test
programs to examine unique prototype machine functions. Updated existing
test programs to reflect prototype machine functions and capabilities as
deemed necessary by marketing personnel. Programmed in PL/I on the IBM 3090
series operating in the VM/CMS environment, in MICROSOFT BASIC and MACRO
ASSEMBLER on the IBM PC XT and AT systems and in microcode on the INTEL
8051 microprocessor. Used the ICE-51FX/PC In-Circuit-Emulator and a
TEKTRONIX logic analyzer to debug the software.



                     References available upon request…
