Last updated: 01-28-1999
[Image]
Recruiters, Click Here

                              Charles's Resume

                 (Yes, the apostrophe "s" ('s) is correct)

     Web: http://www.concentric.net/~azcalE-mail: azcal@concentric.net

 Position Desired: Web Development, HTML & Graphics, contract or permanent.
            Also, COBOL mainframe systems analysis & programming

   * Over 15 years experience with many different types of projects in the
     large IBM mainframe environment, and more recently on the UNIX and PC
     platforms.
        o Contract programming & systems design
        o Technical support
        o Applications support
        o Utility product installation
        o Teaching programmer trainee classes
        o Programming, analysis and design of financial applications
        o DASD Management
        o Media conversions
        o National standardization of DP conventions
   * Project leadership experience in most of these - teams of one to six
     persons.

   * + Fast Study. I can read from the manual and understand immediately. I
     was self taught in many of the technical aspects of my job (example:
     HTML)
   * + Communication. I have the ability to understand and cause others to
     understand by simplifying complex ideas and concepts, making them
     sound simple.
   * + Analytical. I can break a problem into its logical pieces and get
     the desired solution while anticipating pitfalls that others might
     miss.
   * + Organizing. I get the tasks listed, categorized, controlled and
     followed up on in a way that allows others to easily understand the
     current status of the project as a whole as well as the project's
     dependence on them.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

          PRODUCT KNOWLEDGE: (Alphabetical order within groupings)

   * HIGHLY SKILLED:
        o P.C.: Animated GIF Construction Kit (Alchemy), EXCEL, Grammatik,
          HTML, HotMetalPRO, WordPerfect5.2 through 8 for MS Windows & 6.0
          for UNIX X Windows
        o Mainframe: CAPEX, CA-1 and 11, Clist, COBOL structured
          programming, DYL260/280, GDDM(ICU), IBM Utilities, ISPF, MVS JCL,
          Panvalet, SYNCSORT, TSO, VSAM.
   * WORKING KNOWLEDGE:
        o Internet: ColdFusion, CSS Level 1, FTP, Telnet.
        o P.C.: Access 97, Gem Draw, Microsoft Office, PaintShop Pro, SQL,
          Windows 95
        o Mainframe: Abendaid, ACF2, Assembler, Express Delivery, IBM
          Advanced Function Printing, Assembler, ASI-ST, JCLCheck, PDF
          Dialogue Management.
   * SOME FAMILIARITY:
        o P.C.: Harvard Project Manager, O'Reilley Web Server, Visual Basic
          for Applications (VBA)
        o Mainframe: INFOMVS, JCLFlow, RPG

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    ACCOMPLISHMENTS "Above and Beyond"

+1999: Web accessability confirmation from the Arizona State School for the
Deaf and Blind (ASBD)

+ 1998: Spontaneously, boss remarked "You do the kind of work the rest of
us aspire to."

+ 1996: PharmaSUG Award for "Best Paper"

+ 1994: On a private contract, built a custom, PC-based billing system for
an attorney in private practice. The new application reduced the attorney's
semi-monthly billing time commitment from eight hours to one, and now
enables him to bill an additional 14 hours each month (at $190/hour.)

+ 1989: Won GTE's Quest for Quality Award for helping to develop National
Data Center Standards. I brought perspective, pragmatism, and a "national
view" of the business that had been clouded with "standards for standards
sake."

+ 1988: Won GTE's Quest for Quality Award for inventing/implementing the
"Service Quickie". This new procedure replaced a form whose use took weeks
or months to get through the chain of command from someone requesting a
problem fix to the problem "fixer". The Service Quickie reduced this time
to days or hours, saving hundreds of working hours each year.

+ 1987: Invented the Tape Library "Tape Reservation Block" report which (by
using available data) shows the actual future growth that could be
anticipated in the quantity of tapes in the library. Before this report
existed, tape ordering was done "intuitively" or in panic mode. Tapes can
now be ordered as needed, preventing last minute shortages or wasted
assets.

+ 1985: Was asked to investigate a job which, because it ran from 6 to 9
hours, delayed a critical report beyond its delivery deadline. With less
than an hour's investigation of the JCL, program and data, I was able to
suggest a simple JCL change that reduced the run time to less than one hour
- well within the delivery window.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                PUBLICATIONS

Optimizing the Application of SAS and WordPerfect in the Production of
Research Reports. Chan W, Fotheringham N, Lee CA. PharmaSUG, 1996. Awarded
"Best Paper" in the Technical Tips category at the 1996 Pharmaceutical SAS
Users Group national conference.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                WORK HISTORY

+ Nov. 1991 to date: Contract Programming. Recent Assignments:

   * AlliedSignal, Tucson, Az. IBM mainframe, Year 2000 code repair
     planning and implementation.
   * CSC/Hughes, Long Beach, Cal. IBM mainframe, Year 2000 code update and
     testing.
   * AMGEN Corp., Thousand Oaks, Cal. Automating human cancer drug trial
     statistical reports destined for the U.S. FDA for drug product
     registration and approval.(Testimonial)
   * MERISEL, El Segundo, Cal. Analysis via EXCEL of 401k payroll data in
     response to an IRS audit.
   * GTE California, Thousand Oaks. Replication of GTE's Toll system for
     newly merged telephone companies nationwide, a team of 10+

+ May 1973 to Dec 1989: GTE Data Services Inc. (positions in decreasing
order of time and importance) Senior Technical Analyst, Systems Analyst,
Programmer/Analyst, Programmer, Mainframe Operator, Peripheral Machine
Operator, Data Control Clerk.

+ May 1968 to May 1972: U.S. Air Force. Sentry Dog Handler, Viet Nam
1969-70, England 1970-72

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 EDUCATION:

   * West L.A. College. A.A. Degree in Humanities, WLAC President's Award,
     Magna Cum Laude, 3.8 GPA
   * Control Data Institute - Highest Honors.
   * IBM Project Planning Change Management.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             Outside interests:

   * Webmaster - Tucson Computer Society.
     [Tucson Computer Society. Tucson, Arizona]
   * Former President - California Country Club Homes Association.
   * Former Election Precinct Inspector, Los Angeles County
     Registrar/Recorder's Office
