                             Stephen L. O’Hearn

                             12315 Manvel Lane
                           Bowie, Maryland 20715
                            Email: soh@clark.net

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Objective: To apply my database programming and systems analysis
experience, working as an independent computer systems consultant, working
on contracts in the Washington DC - Baltimore metropolitan area.

Education: B.B.A., The George Washington University, Business
Administration (with special honors), concentration in Information
Processing - 1983

Skills: ORACLE 6/7 (including SQL*Plus, Forms 3/4, PL/SQL, Pro*C,
SQL*Loader, SQL*Net), Sybase, Informix; Microsoft Access; C, FORTRAN,
Pascal, Ada, COBOL, Assembly; MS Windows, VAX VMS (DCL), MS-DOS, SCO Unix;
TCP/IP; Infopump.

Clearance: Information Available upon request.

Experience:

1995 - Present: Independent Computer Consultant
World Bank - Controller’s

Modified the Financial Data Base (ORACLE 7, VAX with VMS, DCL), to load
data from new Loan Administration System (Sybase, Sun running Unix). Wrote
scripts in ORACLE, Sybase, DCL, Infopump to transfer data between systems.

1993 - 1995: Boeing Information Services, Inc. - Business Systems
Programmer / Analyst
Reserve Component Automation System (RCAS) [1993 - Present]

Performed ORACLE 6/7 conversion of the Work Control System, an enterprise
application supporting program management, on a VAX 6510/6630 cluster
running VMS. Used SQL*Forms 3.0, ORACLE Forms 4, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus.
Developed prototype Microsoft Access front-ends. Assisted team with SQL*Net
installation for proof-of-concept client-server effort.

Used ORACLE 6 (SQL*Forms 3.0, PL/SQL, Pro*C, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader,
Export/Import) to develop the System Problem Reporting application serving
12 departments, 450 users. Included data conversion from Informix
applications. Performed full life-cycle of development, standards
definition, and data conversion. Performed majority of coding in all areas;
also led team of four to assist with design, coding. Received Boeing
Special Achievement Award.

Serve as backup DBA. Provide DBA services during DBA absence or peak work
cycles. Work with team to define application development life cycle
standards.

Used ORACLE 6 (SQL*Forms 3.0, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, Pro*C) on a VAX 6510, to
help develop the Maintenance Status Report, a financial application
involving an estimated $400 million in revenue. Received Boeing Merit
Award.

NASA Information Resource and Management Systems (IR & MS) [1994]

Used ORACLE 6 (SQL*Forms 3.0, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, Pro*C) on VAX cluster to
install, enhance Work Control System. Involved Sybase data conversion.

1993 - 1994 - Atlantic Research Corporation - Independent Consultant

Used ORACLE 6 (SQL*Forms 3.0, PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader, Export/Import)
on a PC, to develop helicopter technical specification database. Performed
full life cycle of development. Performed DBA functions.

1983 - 1993: Atlantic Research Corporation - Senior Staff
Reserve Component Automation System (RCAS) [1991-93]

Under contract to Boeing, used ORACLE 6 (SQL*Forms 2.3, SQL*Plus,
SQL*Loader, Export/Import, Pro*C) on a VAX 11/780 and a MicroVAX to
develop/integrate the Work Control System; full life-cycle of development.

Installed ORACLE 6 on a MicroVAX. Installed, modified custom applications
in SQL*Forms 2.3, SQL*Plus, Pro*C. Served as ORACLE DBA for one year.

NASA Space Station Technical Mgmt Info Support (TMIS) [1988-91]

Used ORACLE 5 (SQL*Forms, SQL*Plus, SQL*Loader) on VAX 11/780 cluster to
develop applications, including Problem Reports/Service Requests, Help
Desk, Equipment/Software Tracking. Full life cycle development.

U.S. Army Foreign Science and Technology Center (FSTC) [1983-84,86,90,93]

Used FORTRAN 77 on an IBM 43xx to develop, enhance helicopter modeling and
performance estimation program, and a mission profile program. Used Lotus
Symphony for technical specs database. Performed full life cycle of
development.

NASA Office of Aeronautics and Space Technology (OAST) [1985-1988]

Used Pascal, Forms Management System (FMS) on a VAX 11/780 to develop
budget tracking system, full life cycle development; received NASA Public
Service Group Achievement Award (1988).

Used Pascal/FMS on VAX to create budget tracking app; FORTRAN 77 on IBM
43xx to enhance econometrics model, Datatrieve on VAX, Hypercard, 4th
Dimension on MacIntosh, Basic on DEC Pro350 for various applications.

References available upon request

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Last updated November 1995

Email at soh@clark.net

Return to my home page

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
