CV of John Orendt - Software Engineer - Commenced in DP 1981

Birth date: March 8th 1956
Dual citizenship: United States of America and Australia.

P.O. Box 680
North Sydney NSW 2059 Australia
Phone: 61-2-9981-5890 or Mobile 61-411-348700

Internet E-mail: jorendt@ozemail.com.au or jorendt@bigfoot.com
See http://www.ozemail.com.au/~jorendt

Security Clearance: Secret, United States Department of Defense.

DP Environment and Applications:

5 - Extensive experience, 4 - Good experience, 3 - Average experience,
2 - Basic Understanding, 1 - Theoretical knowledge only


  Skill               No.    Year    Proficiency
                      Years  last
                             used

  HW & O/S

  Cyber               3      89      4

  DEC                 1      92      3

  DOS                 14     97      5

  HP                  1      92      3

  MAC                 12     97      5

  PDP 11              3      86      3

  SUN                 5      97      5

  UNIX                5      97      5

  VAX                 5      86      4

  Windows NT          2      97      4

  Design &
  Programming

  Basic               8      89      5

  C++                 8      97      5

  C++ Borland         3      93      4
  Windows

  C++ MacApp          4      92      3

  C++ Object Windows  1      93      5
  Library

  C++ Visual          2      97      5

  FORTRAN             12     92      5

  Java                2      97      4

  SQL Oracle          1      96      4

  SQL Sybase          4      97      5

  Applications

  CAD                 4      92      4

  Secure              2      97      4
  communications

  Missile Systems     6      89      5

  Radar               6      89      5

  Technical Trading   4      93      5
  Models

  Telephony           1      92      3



EDUCATION:
Bachelors of Electrical Engineering, 1981, Cleveland State University,
Cleveland, Ohio. Dean's list.

EXPERIENCE:

(3/97-Present) [Colonial State Bank Logo][Treasury Logo]
Colonial State Bank Pty Ltd., Sydney NSW, Treasury Services does Margin FX,
Margin Lending, interest rate, options, swaps and derivatives dealing.
Position: Contract SW Engineer, Treasury Systems. Team Environment.

Sybase SQL, OOD, C++, Born shell, Teknekron, Perl DB, on UNIX Sun Client
Servers integrated with sun and PC front ends.

Prudential Statement C3: Treasury Risk Analysis for Reserve Bank of
Australia (RBA) reporting requirements. Improved the MaX Zero curve
building and evaluation engine to construct Zero curves based on market
rates for New Zealand Dollar, Great Briton Pound, Swiss Franc, and
Australian Dollar curves. Market rates included Cash, Bank Accepted Bills
(BAB), Futures on BAB (BABF), and swaps. Improved the OMEGA system to
increase the size of the variance matrix and automate it's running via cron
job. Project completed.

Foreign Exchange (FX): System improvements to reconcile FX Profit & Loss
between State Trader, Front Office, Back Office, Taps, and Devon Systems
and improve robustness.

(9/96-3/97)[Ozemail Logo]
OzEmail Limited, Sydney NSW, is an Internet Service Provider (ISP) with
value added content. Position: Contract SW Engineer. Team environment.

Java Apps and Applets, JDBC, Oracle. Wrote Australian Indices applet and
server. The server queries an Oracle DB and pushes the updates to
subscribed applets which display the data in real time. The server also
pings the applets for connection management. Project Completed.

Certified and installed https secure server via VeriSign. Project
Completed.

(10/95-9/96)[Austraclear Logo]
Austraclear Ltd., Sydney NSW, Austraclear does Bank clearing. Project 2000
does software development of cash and financial instrument real time
clearing. Position: Contract SW Engineer. Team environment. See letter of
recommendation.

Visual C++, Distributed Object Oriented settlement and clearance system
(Bink!), and Oracle SQL, on Windows NT, Pentium and Digital alpha
platforms.

Wrote Project 2000 security software using state of the art cryptographic
algorithms. Implemented, key exchange protocols, symmetric and
public/private key encryption, and decryption, Digital Signatures, One way
hash functions, Cryptographically Secure Psuedo-Random Sequences, and
Secret Sharing Algorithms. Skills involved C++, Number and Complexity
theory, and multi precision math.

Austraclear Ltd. has an average daily cash flow of 40 billion Australian
dollars.

(12/93-10/95) [Colonial State Bank Logo][Treasury Logo]
Colonial State Bank Pty Ltd., Sydney NSW, Position: SW Engineer, Treasury
Systems. Team Environment.

Improved the Cash flow Blotter by adding three columns, NPV, P&L Today, and
P&L Month to the display. Designed formulas and algorithms to compute the
values for individual FX deals and holdings. The values were dependent upon
rate sets for: End of Month, End of Day, and live market exchange and
interest rates. The blotter would be updated in real time as dealers
created, updated and/or canceled FX deals. A re-eval button was added,
which when pressed would update the blotter to reflect changes in the live
market rates. Skills involved Teknekron, OOD, C++, and SQL. Project
completed.

OMEGA is used to re-evaluate fixed interest rate products where the
customer has the right to exercise certain predefined options. For example,
ten year fixed interest rate loan with no Early Termination Interest
Adjustment (ETIA), and a stepped Term Deposit (TD) where customers can
withdraw their deposits at the end of any step with no penalty. The
re-evaluation process uses a lattice engine. I designed and wrote the high
level code which constructed a zero curve from market rates via MaX, read
the deals from Sybase tables and submitted both to the lattice engine. The
results from the lattice engine were written into a Sybase table. I wrote
several SQL procedures and Perl DB scripts which produced various reports
from the database tables. Skills involved Sybase SQL, OOD, C++, Perl DB,
and tcl/tk. Project completed.

FXFO and FXBO support during day and pager support at night. Troubleshoot,
advise and consult customers. Analyzed and fixed a large variety of
problems relating to both FO and BO FX trading. Wrote FX test plan for
Teknekron RSF+ upgrade.

(9/93-11/93)
Sycomp Pty Ltd., Sydney NSW, does Executive Information System (EIS)
software development. Position: Contract SW Engineer. Individual work
environment. See letter of recommendation.

Borland C++ and Windows GUI with Sybase server on UNIX Sun station.

Developed and implemented scrollable multi-element dialogue box with edit
and combo boxes. The dialogue box generated SQL queries for combo box fill
up. OOD.

Independent work environment. Project completed.

(6/93-9/93)
Astro Aerospace, Carpinteria California does mechanical design and
fabrication of space structures and components. Position: Contract SW
Engineer. Independent work environment. Project completed. See letter of
recommendation.

Borland C++ and Object Windows Library (OWL), Windows API.
OOD using Raumbaugh.

Designed and implemented from scratch demonstration software for testing of
the American Freedom Space Station Mobile Transporter (MT). MS Windows
features were demonstrated such as, system info dialogue, password
dialogue, multiple line editable text command input window, multiple line
read only output window. The MT output status dialog, contained buttons,
static text, check boxes, and radio buttons.

(3/93-5/93)[mini aniamation][Digital sound title]
Digital Sound, Carpinteria California does design, manufacture and test of
corporate voice messaging systems. Position: Contract Test Engineer. Team
environment.

UNIX, on Sun, C++, OOD using Raumbaugh.

Executed and updated system test procedures. Wrote reports on failed tests.
Advised on C++ and OOD methods for implementation of Cepstrum and Hidden
Markov Modeling for DSP.

(5/92-11/92)
Auto-trol Technology, Denver Colorado does CAD software development.

Position: Contract SW Engineer. Team environment. Project completed.

 C++, UNIX, on Sun, HP and Decmips. OOD using Raumbaugh.

Designed and wrote error detection, reporting, and handling software for a
CAD platform. Error and/or message information is split into components
facilitating internationalization, and deposited into a container class.
The container class has various manipulation and query methods. Error
detection is by test or UNIX signals. The signal, code, and platform
information is used to generate a user friendly message compatible with the
reporting software. For bus and segmentation violation errors the PC
locations are indexed into symbol tables to report the class and method
where the signal occurred.

(3/91-5/92)
Intelect Inc., Mililani Oahu Hawaii does design and manufacture of ISDN
telephone digital switches for air defense and air traffic control. Team
environment.

Position: Contract SW Engineer. All projects completed. See letter of
recommendation.

Multiple processors. Real time, memory size and time loading critical, C++
Object Oriented Programming (OOP), Microsoft Windows GUI, OOD using
Rumbaugh.

Wrote ISDN Telephone switch relational object oriented database. Timer
Software, prioritizing scheduling software with variable tick rate. Use of
virtual methods and classes, Multiple Inheritance, Polymorphism,
Dictionaries, Sets and persistent objects. Wrote GUI software to facilitate
testing of database software. GUI used file open, list boxes, and edit
boxes.

(8/89-12/93) Full & part time.
Independent project for personal use J & R Consulting, Inc. Tucson Arizona
as director.

C++, MPW. GUI, Basic and MacApp on Macintosh.

Designed Futures and Commodities and Stocks Forecasting software. System
analysis, design and programming. Testing systems for profits, draw down,
and risk. Analyzed Burning Match, and moving averages.

(10/86-8/89)
McLaughlin Research Corp. Camarillo California does Missile analysis and
test for United States Navy. Position: Contract SW Engineer. All projects
completed. Team environment.

Hardware expertise: Cyber 175 & 860, Macintosh, and PC
Software expertise: FORTRAN

Advanced Medium Range Air to Air Missile (AMRAAM) analysis support.
Developed various mathematical models of missile subsystems and
environments. Software design, missile analysis consultations and
presentations.

Created detailed mathematical models for radar clutter spectral
characteristics, bi-static clutter model for a terrain bounce study,
clutter power and clutter statistics. Validated models with free flight
launches. Designed a statistical radar target signature model, an N target
point by M antenna element target signature model and an AMRAAM receiver
model.

Excelled as telemetry data analysis consultant in the Hardware in the Loop
Lab, and live AMRAAM firings at PMTC.

(8/83-10/86) [Hughes Aircraft logo]   [Hughs AMRAAM logo]
Hughes Aircraft Company, Canoga Park, California. Missile Systems
Evaluation Dept., Position: Systems Engineer. Team Environment. All
projects completed. See Performance Appraisal.

Expertise with the following hardware and software: AMRAAM data processor
assembly language, FORTRAN, AMRAAM transmitter and receiver.

Learned and disseminated tactical software operation to Missile free flight
analysts via presentations and personal consultations. Designed and
developed AMRAAM hardware test setups.

Generated numerous technical presentations on AMRAAM tactical software.

Provided missile performance evaluations including detailed missile system
analysis, participation at design reviews and submission of alternate
missile sub-system designs. Initiated a number of significant engineering
changes.

Designed and implemented programs to simulate actual launch profiles on the
HAC Guided Test Vehicle hardware. This software used the HAC AMRAAM 6DOF as
input and generated command files for HAC Target, Clutter, Altitude Return,
IRU, Umbilical and Data link simulators. Team Leader.

Created several hardware test set ups including Probability of Detection
test, False Alarm test, and Receiver IQ Gain Imbalance test. These last two
tests are currently used on all AMRAAM missiles in both the open guidance
and the missile configuration. Received a letter of commendation for work
on the Receiver IQ Gain Imbalance test.

Integrated all of the HPRF ECCM modules such as target type classification,
noise jammer detection, submode transition logic, detection zone logic and
thermal noise reference calculation. Team Leader.

Completely rewrote the ensemble average, threshold and detection modules.
This resulted in large savings in both time loading and PM. Team Leader.

 (6/80-8/83)[OPS]
Optimized Program Service, Berea, Ohio does transformer and motor design
consulting. Position: SW Engineer. Individual work environment. All
projects completed. See letter of recommendation.

Worked on the following projects: Transformer design, AI Expert systems,
CADCAM, Circuit analysis system, and Thermal analysis system.

Designed a data base configuration and management system for distributed
systems and a 3 dimensional graphics system with automatic hidden line
removal. Wrote a driver for a Tektronics plotter allowing the three
dimensional graphics system to run without the use of any costly comshare
proprietary graphics software. Used the sequential unconstrained
minimization technique (SUMT) for transformer design optimization.
