                                 Resume for

                                 Paul Wujek

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

A professional software architecture and development consultant with 20
years experience in design of data architectures, applications, back-end
systems, and network protocols. Varied experience provides an
'all-encompassing'view of system design, that incorporates elements from
communications, and database design, and combines them with a knowledge of
management practices and end-user requirements to produce functional,
integrated, economical systems.

Strong technical knowledge regarding design of relational database
architectures,TCP/IP based communication protocol design, systems
integration, object oriented design and development (OOA, OOD, OODBMS) and
system/network monitoring.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

02/98 -
Present                System Architect                                 i2
Development of architecture to enable printing over WAN, and
HTML/Java/Servlet/JDBC/CORBA architecture for conversion of the existing
2-tier software product to Internet/Extranet

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
08/97 - 11/97             Team Leader                     Sony Canada Inc.
Integration of an Oracle data-warehouse with legacy applications, SAP/R3,
and Oracle Express on Sun Solaris. Data-modelling and database design for
new data added to the data-warehouse.

Architecture, design and leadership for a system to display
data-warehoused reports over intranet using Java, Javascript, Netscape
Enterprise Server and Oracle on Sun Solaris. The system included code to
enable cascading style sheet (CSS) functionality for any browser.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
03/97 - 09/97    Team Leader/System Architect      Dell Financial Services
Responsible for architecture and design of intranet modules for
inter-system communications with credit bureaus (Experian/TRW, Equifax,
Trans Union, Power Credit), and tax calculation software (Vertax Quantum)
and direction of staff responsible for the implementation of the design of
the system using Oracle WebServer SQLPlus and 'C' cartridges ONC-RPC and
Oracle RDBMS running on Windows NT.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

03/97 - 05/97          System Architect              Medius Communications
                                                                      Inc.
This position involved architecting an Object Model design for a
Java-based Workflow Management System.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
08/96 - 02/97            Director R&D                      e-Commerce Inc.
In the capacity if Director of Research and Development my
responsibilities included directing the efforts of the product and custom
development staff, research and development withthe Java language,
implementation of systems with Netscape Enterprise Server, LiveWire Pro,
Informix,and Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

01/95 - 07/96       Client/Server Architect            Information Systems
                                                          Management (IBM)
As Lead Architect analyzed and negotiatedcosting and technical scope for
$800M in outsourcing contracts inWindowsNT, OS/2, VMS, Unix environments
totalling 600servers and 10,000 client workstations. Provided leadershipon
project to implement SNMP based performance monitoring andcapacity
planning for a network of 160 locations with 200 serversrunning WindowsNT,
and AIX.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
08/95 - 10/95          Systems Architect           Eclipse Claims Services
As the customer's agent, supervised the contractto deliver a health
insurance claims application. Recommended software,and hardware extensions
to the system architecture for the ORACLE 7.1,AIX, Client/Server
environment. Provided database and operatingsystem tuning services.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

07/95              Systems/Database Analyst              Electronic Direct
                                                                 Marketing
Tuning of an Informix 7.1database, application and Sequent Dynix/ptx Unix
to improveOLTP response times from five minutes down to sub-second on a
mission-criticalsystem. Produced a report based on the examination and
analysis of theexisting systems, operations and development efforts to
suggest immediatechanges, and future requirements.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
08/94 - 05/95      Communications Architect             Dow Jones Telerate
Architecture and design of a Network Monitoring Systemfor new and legacy
applications including SNMP and RDBMS using Tcl/Tk(X GUI development
language) under HP-UX, Linux, andStratus-VOS. Coding of an Oracle 7.1
interface between VOSapplications and Oracle databases distributed across
the WAN usingONC/RPC over TCP/IP with failover capabilities.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
04/95                     Instructor                            e-Commerce
Wrote, and presented a course in Tk/Tclto introduce developers to the
language and extensions.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
10/94          IBM VisualAge/Smalltalk Training
Attended the original course for vendors,and application developers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
02/94 - 06/94         Chief Architect/DBA                           Unitel
Architecture and database design of a Client/Serverbased
Telecommunications billing system. Client side was done withVisual Basic,
and Crystal Reports, under Windows . The Server sideused Sun Solaris 2.3
(UNIX V4), Oracle7 RDBMS and C++(Gnu). Fifty tables were involved in the
database structure, and approximately30 reports are available in paperless
form, via Crystal Reports. AdministeredSun server, and Oracle database,
did several installs at the home, andcustomer sites, and for the wrote
Pro*C database access library used inthe system.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
01/93 - 12/93     Senior Analyst/Programmer         IBM Software Solutions
As a member of the development team that producedthe multi-platform
version of DB2 designed and wrote an application systemfor testing of
communication protocols for the implementation of DistributedUnit of Work,
and Two-Phase Commit (utilizing DRDA-II and X/Open protocols)using TCP/IP
and SNA LU6.2 for DB2/6000, and DB2/2database products and the DDCS
distributed database enhancements,with the GUI controlled via X/Motif.
Analyzed the existing design,and produced manpower estimates for
conversion of current design to a multiplexedbasis. Participated in the
implementation of ISO9000 standards.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
12/90 - 12/92          Technical Leader                  IBM Manufacturing
Technical leader for a team of 12, with responsibilitiesfor all technical
aspects of the architecture, administration, and installation.Involved in
the implementation of real-time data collection and controlfor a robotic
circuit board production network with 120 stations and 365process steps.
The design used Gensym G2 knowledge bases for control positions,and the
GemStone Object Oriented Database (Smalltalk based)for data storage and
access. Designed bridging software to integrate productionline controllers
and data entry terminals with the database, the knowledgebase,and a
statistical package (Statit), supervised the programmers, and trainedthem
in C++, Smalltalk and OODBMS issues (security,design, syntax and coding).
Some other activities included installationof databases (Sybase,
GemStone), operating system upgrades,network design and implementation.
Design of C++ class libraries for ASCIIterminal handling, network database
control, and software interconnection.Design and coding of software to
receive data in real time on an RS232line, and store it into a Sybase
database, plus pass it on to objects underGensym G2 Knowledgebase control.
Some coding of objects under G2. Setupof FTP, NFS, NIS, UUCP on
Ethernet,Token ring and SLIP. Used AIX 3.x, RS6000,X11/Motif, Gensym G2
Knowledgebase, Servio GemStoneOODBMS, Object Oriented Analysis/Design,
C++, Smalltalk,Sybase, Interleaf, FrameMaker, ISO9000.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
9/90 - 12/90     Technical Analyst/Programmer           TSB International
Programming of a private circuit managementsystem product to deal with
PBX's and leased lines. Porting of an applicationfrom Oracle to Ingres
under VMS. Set-up and administrationof the Ingres database, tuning of VMS
parameters. Technical reviewand scheduling for a project to port 200,000
lines of Oracle codeto DEC-RDB.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
11/88 - 07/90    Technical Analyst/Programmer            Mead Data Central
Design and development of a portable TCP/IPdistributed server
communications protocol, library and API (MessageOriented Middleware), for
a distributed client/server database application.Features of the design
included a multi-threading scheme for processesand designation of backup
servers, message prioritization, and automaticfallback for fault
tolerance. Development of a distributed multi-vendorhardware (Sun,
Stratus, Amdahl, etc.) ticker plant. Development using CASE Tools
(Excelerator, IDE Software Through Pictures)under SunOS (Unix BSD 4.3),
using Sybase and a proprietaryRAM-based database, porting to Stratus-VOS.

Design and development of a spooler for synchronous, and asynchronousinput
from RS232 ports in real time involving approximately 30 concurrentUnix
processes communicating with additional processes on intelligent
boardsusing shared memory, semaphores, signals, and named pipes. Device
driverswere modified for DMA, and the embedded M68010 and Zilog
processorson the communications boards using the VRTX Real-Time Operating
System.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
09/88 - 07/89      Analyst/Technical Leader                         Dupont
Analysis, database design and programmingof a plastics manufacturing
inventory system linking Intermec Bar-codeequipment to DEC computers under
Oracle and Vax/VMS.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
04/88 -                                               Laurentian Financial
05/88                 Analyst/Programmer                          Services
Converted an online securities system to allowscreens to be changed
dynamically between french and english. Providedtraining for staff in M204
User Language and Database design.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

12/86 - 03/88               Analyst               Ministry of Agriculture,
                                                                   Ontario
Analysis, data model, and development of groupwarefor case analysis in a
clinical laboratory. Used M204 together with PCsacting as intelligent
gateways between lab equipment and the mainframe.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

08/86 - 11/86         Analyst/Programmer         Laurentian Financial
                                                 Services
Developed programs in M204 for use in a customerinformation system.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
02/86 - 06/86          Data Base Analyst                    New York State
Complete Data Model and design of M204 databasesfor the New York State
Rent Review system.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

11/85 - 01/86         Data Administrator              Ministry of Housing,
                                                                   Ontario
M204 Data Dictionary enhancements, maintainedData Dictionary. Produced
introduction to Data Dictionary concepts seminar.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
10/85                 Analyst/Programmer             New England Telephone
Developed a system to track, and report onclient contact using VM and
Model204.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
08/85 - 09/85           Project Leader                        Canada Trust
Supervised development of personal financialplanning system utilizing
Lotus 1-2-3 and Dbase III.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

08/85 - 9/85          Analyst/Programmer                  Molson's Ontario
                                                                 Breweries
Personnel Absence Reporting system using M204Database and the M204 User
Language.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
05/84 - 04/85         Analyst/Programmer                Online People Inc.
Distributed office automation using gatewaysand networks programmed in MS-
DOS based PCs and C.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

12/81 - 04/84        DBA/Technical Leader             Ministry of Housing,
                                                                   Ontario
Inventory Control and a document trackingoffice administration system in
Model 204, MVS.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
02/81 - 12/81         Analyst/Programmer                      Canada Trust
Pension trust system using COBOL, CICS, S2K.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
12/78 - 02/81             Programmer                 Hudson's Bay Company
Inventory systems using COBOL, CICS, IDMS.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
06/78 - 09/78             Programmer                         IBM U.K. Ltd.
Transportation/Logistics system using PL/I,CICS, DL/I.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
12/77 - 04/78              Operator               Woods Gordon Consultants
Operation of a Data General Eclipse C/300Mini-Computer.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                INDUSTRIES
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

   * Government
   * Electronics Manufacturing
   * Plastics Manufacturing
   * Trust
   * Financial Services
   * Insurance
   * Telecommunications
   * Packaged Software
   * Fullfillment
   * Office Automation
   * Computer Systems Outsourcing

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                EDUCATION
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

       B.A. University of Toronto 1978 (Computer Science, Accounting)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             TECHNICAL SKILLS
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Languages

   * Java
   * C++
   * Smalltalk
   * SQL
   * perl
   * Tcl/Tk
   * Assembler
   * COBOL
   * Visual Basic
   * Informix 4GL

                                  Database

   * Oracle 7.x
   * Sybase
   * GemStone(OODB)
   * Informix
   * Ingres
   * DB2 (DB2/2, DB2/6000, AS400, VM, VMS
   * Gensym G2 KBS

                                    O/S

   * AIX
   * UNIX
   * Sun/OS
   * Solaris
   * HP/UX
   * Linux
   * Windows NT
   * OS/2
   * VAX-VMS
   * Stratus-VOS
   * Dynix/ptx

                                  Hardware

   * IBM RS6000/PowerPC - including SP2
   * IBM Mainframe
   * PC
   * DEC VAX
   * Sun
   * HP-PA-RISC
   * Sequent

                                    GUI

   * X/Motif
   * Windows
   * Tcl/Tk

                               Communications

   * TCP/IP
   * Internet (Java)
   * RS232
   * CORBA
   * Java RMI
   * SNA(LU6.2)
   * SNMP
   * MOM (Message Oriented Middleware)
   * RPC
   * Tuxedo (OLTP)
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                             wujek@rogers.wave.ca
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
         This document: http://home.on.rogers.wave.ca/wujek/Index.html
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
