                              Daniel E. Brown

                           5896 WinterGreen Dr.

                           Newark, CA 94560-4841

                    Email: DanEdBrown@WorldNet.Att.Net



Objective

I am looking for software engineering consulting work.

Background and Experience

I have been programming computers for about Seventeen years. I have
considerable experience with embedded applications and PC systems, under
DOS and Windows. Extensive system programming in both DOS and Windows has
given me in depth knowledge to the point where I am considered expert by my
colleagues. I have considerable skill and experience in the following
areas:

   * Device Drivers and related items for DOS, Windows and embedded
     systems. - I have worked with and have an extensive knowledge of
     printer languages: HP-PCL, EPSON, POSTSCRIPT, OKI, etc.; have written
     a number of modem drivers for fax and data communication, using the
     Hayes AT command set as well as the fax CLASS II extensions; and have
     developed a number of serial I/O routines, for both TSR as well as
     application levels.
   * ROM BIOS software for PC clones.
   * PC graphics. - I have programmed more than a dozen display adapters
     for DOS systems, including VGA which gave me extensive knowledge of
     the devices. I’m also an expert in the Windows GDI.
   * Hardware control applications. - While at Award Software and Osborne I
     wrote software (firmware) for a microprocessor based keyboard
     controller and a hard disk controller. In addition I developed
     software to control an array of specialized hardware.
   * Data communication and telephony. - In addition to my work with device
     drivers I have worked with communication at the systems and
     applications levels while at Fujitsu and I have become familiar with
     wireless technology through my contract work at Wireless Access.
   * Database access methods. - I have developed some special purpose
     access methods for various projects of my own and am adept in the use
     of a number of popular commercially available data base packages such
     as DBASE, Code Base, and MS Access.
   * Software debugging tools. - I have developed a number of powerful
     debugging tools.

I consider myself an application software engineer as well as a system
person and have often held the position of the chief product architect. I
have developed products in the areas of word processing, pen computing and
MIS systems.

I am an accomplished programmer in 80x86 assembler, C and C++, with
extensive knowledge of the application programming interfaces to DOS,
Windows, OLE, etc. I am familiar with various other computers and
programming languages and have used a number of common software development
products such as DBASE, BORLAND C++ Compiler, etc.

I worked as an electronic technician for several years before becoming a
programmer. This experience left me with the ability to read schematics,
timing diagrams, and other hardware documentation, and skill in the use of
logic analyzers, scopes, ICEs, etc. These hardware related skills have
proved to be very valuable to me as a programmer: enabling me to relate to
the hardware in driver and interfacing work, and providing me with a means
to check-out hardware/software interactions in embedded microprocessors and
prototype work.

Work History

Nov 1994 - Present Wireless Access, 2101 Tasman Dr., Santa Clara, CA

Senior Software Architect

Responsible for the Software Architecture of the Skywriter (SkyTel’s 2-way
Reflex-50 pager), this included the User Interface and the Real Time
Operating System. I designed and implemented most of the OS, message file
system, external and internal diagnostics, network monitoring software (in
the pager), musical messages and alerts, FLASH download program and a
serial port protocol. I worked very closely with the hardware engineers and
outside suppliers.



Jan 1990 - Aug. 1994 Communication Intelligence Corporation, 275 Shoreline
Drive, Redwood Shores, CA

Software Architect

Designed and implemented most of the following products: PenDOS operating
environment for the pen, YPad-the electronic note taker, protect mode
loader and TSR work, PenDOS application programming interface, DOS and
Windows install programs. Used Windows OLE. Optimized handwriting
recognition and stroke compression software.



July 1989 - Dec. 1992 Consulting, Fremont, CA

Fixed the 386 BIOS for Award Software, FAX scaling and compression for
Cygnet (Everex), Page Preview source code documentation for MicroPro, word
processor optimization for PowerUp and worked on embedded systems (pagers)
for Wireless Access.



Jan 1988 - July 1989 MicroPro International Corporation, San Rafael, CA

Director of Technology

Designed and implemented WordStar's Advanced Page Preview. Directed a group
of 4 to build an interactive graphics WordStar (ie. WYSIWYG).



Nov. 1985 - Jan 1988 Award Software Inc., Los Gatos, CA

Software Development Manager

Wrote the PC-AT and PC-EGA BIOS ROM software for PC clones. Designed and
implemented a page preview for a batch-typesetting program. This was sold
to MicroPro as PageSetter.



Oct. 1983 - Oct. 1985 Fujitsu Micro Systems, San Jose, CA

Project Manager and Senior Programmer

Managed the development of six main frame communication packages from three
venders. This included setup of the main frame, testing, and releasing.
Also managed the PC to PC local area network project.



June 1981 - Oct. 1983 Osborne Computer Corporation, Hayward, CA

Project Manager and Senior Programmer

Designed and implemented the Osborne 1 and VIXEN system software. This
included the ROM BIOS and all the utilities. Wrote diagnostics for the
Osborne 1, VIXEN and double density floppy disk controllers. Wrote
interface software a hard disk network using Osbornes and Corvus disk
drives.



[Image]
