                                  David G. DeGroote
                               Embedded Systems Consultant
                                 21009 Fowlers Mill Circle
                                   Ashburn, VA 20147
                                     (703)729-8905
                               E-Mail: David@DeGroote.Com
                      Web Resume:  http://DeGroote.com/dave/resume/


Professional Experience:

Orbital Sciences Corporation 1991 - Present

Principal software engineer for Orbital Sciences' global communications 
satellite network (Orbcomm). Responsible for software system design;
ground station to spacecraft and  inter-subsystem interface definition
and enforcement (thru spreadsheets and automatically generated code); 
software coding standards, configuration management, reliability and
multi-satellite configuration issues; and  command & telemetry
definitions. Developed the ground station interface subsystem software;
the system level  and subsystem level fault detection and correction
software (Health and Maintenance); and hardware interface  drivers (dsp,
pll, adc, dac, etc) using the VxWorks operating system (68302, C
language). 

Lead software engineer responsible for developing the system software
for  Orbital Sciences first satellite, APEX (Advanced Photovoltaic and
Electronics Experiment). Responsible for the  software system design and
development (68302, C and assembly language), subsystem interface
definitions, command and telemetry format definitions, and ground
support equipment definition. Acted as technical assistant  to the Air
Force supporting on-orbit operations. 

Hark Software 1989 - 1991 

Embedded microprocessor consulting services, electronic mail gateway
(Joiner Associates Jmail-InBox (JMI), X  Windows system code
development, Macintosh code development (Apple partner/certified
developer). 

HRB Systems 1983 - 1990 

Responsible for developing man-machine interfaces for  signal processing
equipment including system, hardware, firmware and software design.
Successfully brought two  major projects (RTSA and Outreach) from
inception to completion. Designed digital hardware including designs 
with embedded microprocessors, bit-sliced processors, high speed vector
drawing hardware, plasma display  video interfaces, operator input
device interfaces, peripheral interfaces, and gate arrays. Firmware
design included  graphics processor microcode, image transformation
microcode, and operator input device scanning firmware.  Software system
development included screen management software, simulation software,
event management  software, image processing software, device drivers
and a multi-tasking kernel. Software based on 68000 VME  cards and VAXs
running VAXEln. Responsible for code management and performance
analysis. Staff member  assisting in VAX computer operations and CAE
operations. Top Secret clearance with Extended Background 
Investigation. 

Textrum Industries 1982 - 1983 

Responsible for hardware and software design of Textrum's energy
management system. Designed system  software (6802), man-machine
interface, peripheral interface hardware, relay control and temperature 
measurement hardware, and network communications protocol. 

Pennsylvania State University 1980 - 1982 

Designed hardware and software (6502/6809) for a data switch and data
multiplexer used to connect remote  terminals to Engineering Computer
Laboratory computers. B.S.E.E. 1981 
