Julian Haight
[rule]
SITE MAP |  CONTACT ME |  HIRE ME |  USEFUL |  FUN |  PHOTOGRAPHY |  SERVER
INFO |  LINKS & QUOTES |  #606749
[rule]

Resume [rule]

An expert in internet technology, I am seeking consulting work. I code
fluently in several languages including C++, Java, Perl and many flavors of
BASIC. I have designed and implemented databases for the web using Oracle,
Sybase, Informix and Microsoft Access. I am familiar with several types of
database programming (including Oracle's PL/SQL). I run my own web server
and provide advanced internet hosting. I usually work from home but I can
also go on-site when necessary. I can work on an hourly or by-the-job
basis. I work well on my own or as part of a team. I am able to accept
other's opinions and admit mistakes.

Although my focus is internet technology, I have skills ranging from wiring
and circuit-design to fractals and animation. I am also versed in many
applications, internet tools and browsers. I feel that an understanding of
many specialties increases my effectiveness in whatever I concentrate on.

Software Experience:

   * Server programming (CGI) in Java, C++, Microsoft ASP, Perl
   * Browser programming (DHTML) in Java, JavaScript, VBScript
   * Network (TCP/IP) Programming in Java, C++
   * Database programming for Oracle, Sybase, MS Access (ANSI SQL, PL/SQL,
     Transact-SQL, ADO, ODBC)
   * Microsoft Visual Basic and Visual Basic for Applications
   * Operating systems: Linux, Solaris, Windows NT & 95
   * Web server setup and administration (Apache, IIS)
   * Bandwidth conscious web design, advanced HTML and DHTML

Hardware Experience:

   * PC, Mac and Sun hardware and networking
   * Ethernet hubs and switches
   * Ethernet / telecom wiring
   * SCSI tapes and disks
   * T1 setup and configuration (CSU & router config)

Employment:

1997-Present: Consulting. Completed web-based projects for a variety of
clients. See Consulting for details. See Work Examples for samples.

1995-1997: Communication Billing Technologies. I left my hometown of State
College, PA for New York City and a job expanding CBT into the internet
service industry. While I was there, we installed and configured over ten
T1s with a variety of special configurations. We developed applications to
allow real-time updates of our legacy database systems over the web as well
as designing new databases including a commerce system built from the
ground up. I was personally responsible for purchasing new equipment,
connecting and organizing our machine-room and multiple high-speed
connections. I also wrote several C++ programs for CGI and half of a large
Java application. I installed, administrated and used Oracle database
software. I wrote several applications for Microsoft Access.

1990-1995: Master Computer. Working as service manager at Master Computer,
I saw the company grow from a three employee mom-and-pop computer store to
the largest (and best) computer store in State College. When I left, the
company employed over twenty people and served thousands of customers
ranging from first-time home users to large corporate accounts such as
AccuWeather, muRata and Penn State University. Working closely with
customers gave me a solid understanding of customer relations and business.

Background:

Born in New Zealand in 1971, I grew up in State College, Pennsylvania. I
graduated from State College Area High School in 1989. Although I began a
degree in Computer Science at the Pennsylvania State University, I moved to
New York before finishing. I enjoy photography, camping and outdoor
activities so Seattle was an obvious choice.

My computer experience began in fourth grade when I was part of the first
generation of kids to use the original Apple II in school. This was my
first exposure to programming (Logo, BASIC). I used (and dissected) an IBM
Portable Computer (XT) at home. I had my own Commodore VIC-20 and then an
IBM XT clone. This 8088 has grown gradually over the years as my primary
workstation: (386SX-20, 486SX-25, 486DX2-66, Pentium 133, Pentium II-250,
Pentium II-350). I ran a BBS in high-school starting on the XT and have
been involved with the internet ever since.

                   - References available upon request. -

                            Note to recruiters

  All content property of Julian Haight. Commercial use forbidden without
                                 consent.
