                             Robert W. Kostick

                             42 Trumbull Drive
                         Wallingford, CT 06492-2052

               E-mail: RWKostick@postoffice.Worldnet.ATT.NET

                                 OBJECTIVE

    Available to discuss a challenging and responsible position where my
   background and experience can be fully utilized to our mutual benefit.

                             SUMMARY OF SKILLS

..... formal training and education ...... experience in all areas of
installation, maintenance, and repair of computer equipment ......
excellent customer relation skills ...... analytical ability ......
corporation liaison ...... analog and digital ...... troubleshooting and
repair to component level ...... logic diagrams and schematics ......
excellent mechanical ability...... staff supervision and training ......
excellent communication skills ...... pride in quality performance and
achievement ...... ability to work well with all levels of management and
personnel ...... reliable ...... professional ...... excellent
organizational skills ..... willing to travel

                          PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

AM Computer Services, Southington, CT April 1997 to Present

Installation and repair of IBM compatible and Compaq and numerous other
computer systems along with laser, band and dot matrix printers. HP
certified in the Vectra desktop computers, most HP laser-jet printers and
OmniBook laptop computers.

DecisionOne, Glastonbury, CT July 1995 to April 1997

(Formerly Bell Atlantic Business Systems Services)

Customer Engineer/Project Manager

Installation and repair of IBM compatible and Compaq PCs and laptops, and
various other computer systems along with laser, band and dot matrix
printers. Maintain a help desk and repair center, including inventory
control, for a national customer. Formal training on Idea's Concert
communication processor.

MTI Technology, Inc., Anaheim, CA March 1982 to May 1995

Senior Field Engineer

Hardware support specialist in Connecticut, Western Massachusetts and Rhode
Island. Coordinate equipment installation, preventive maintenance, remedial
maintenance, and first line interface for all hardware and software
problems. Equipment includes standard disk and RAID configurations, optical
jukebox disks and tape subsystems that includes nine track and 8 mm tape
systems. Platforms are DEC main, mini and workstations, Sun workstations,
and IBM compatible PC computers. I have been able to establish and maintain
excellent customer relations with all level of customer management.
Customer training on proper use of controls and symptom trouble-shooting
procedures.

Computer Maintenance Corporation, Secaucus, NJ February 1979 to March 1982

Field Engineering Support

First line technical and management support for field engineers.
Responsible for preventive and remedial maintenance scheduling,
installation scheduling, inventory control, budget and profit - loss
statements and maintenance contract administrator. Doubled service revenue
the first year through new service customers and equipment upgrades.

                                 STRENGTHS

Self-starter with the ability to create and present an excellent image of
the company and its services to their customers, and to coordinate and
communicate well with customers and management at all levels and
efficiently meet objectives.
